SDK-295 [Python SDK] Sorting support (#153)
incountry/sdk-python: README.md

version={"$not": [1, 2]} # records with version equal to neither 1 or 2
```

#### Sorting

You can use `sort` parameter to sort the returned records by one or multiple keys.

> SDK currently supports sorting by `key1...key20`, `range_key1...range_key10` keys.

Reviewer: What about date fields?

Author: Thanks for noticing

```python
from incountry import SortOrder

# you can use SordOrder enum class to specify sorting order
sort=[{"key1": SortOrder.ASC}, {"range_key1": SortOrder.DESC}]

# or you can use string values
sort=[{"key1": "asc"}, {"range_key1": "desc"}]
```

---

**WARNING**

> To use `sort` in find() call for string keys `key1...key20` you need to set  `hashSearchKeys` option to `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use `sort` in find() call for string keys `key1...key20` you need to set  `hash_search_keys` option to `False`.
```
